Update enable-attack-surface-reduction.md (#6318)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-attack-surface-reduction.md

   - In **Name**, type a name for the rule.
   - In **Description**, type a brief description.

>    - In **OMA-URI**, type or paste the specific OMA-URI link for the rule that you are adding. Refer to the [MDM section of this page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-attack-surface-reduction?view=o365-worldwide#mdm) for the OMA-URI to use for this example rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In **OMA-URI**, type or paste the specific OMA-URI link for the rule that you are adding. Refer to the MDM section earlier in this topic for the OMA-URI to use for this example rule.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - In **OMA-URI**, type or paste the specific OMA-URI link for the rule that you are adding. Refer to the MEM section earlier in this topic for the OMA-URI to use for this example rule. For ASR rule GUIDS, see [Per rule descriptions](attack-surface-reduction-rules.md#per-rule-descriptions) in the topic: Attack surface reduction rules.
```
